Sambo, are you alright?
I'm fine, we're free to help Mommy
Can't make mom richer
Be careful
Mr. Si, with your identity
Why write to this strange child?
We hit them both.
A blood transfusion is appropriate.
And we're bloody
These two kids look like they are only 5 years old
If my child were still alive
It should be the same age as them.
Mr. Su
Do you think this kid is a bit like you?
Two treasures and three treasures
Are you guys okay?
Mommy, I'm fine, Erbao, he's sorry?
The two of them were on the road just now
My car accidentally hit them both
The doctor said the other one is about to wake up
It's alright
You are a summer pig
You are a senior
Coincidentally, I thought it was the same name at first
I didn't expect it to be the same person.
You are still as beautiful as ever
Forget about the past
Can't write between close relatives
You don't know that the book you gave this kid can't be used
Close relatives, doctor, are you mistaken? It's impossible.
DA display
Mr. Smith and this child are direct blood relatives
It was the child's father who said how could it be possible